* Parallel Integer Sort: Theory and Practice *
----------------------------------------------
The research paper discusses the major gap in current state of the art parallel algorithms for Sorting.
Currently, the integer sorting algorithms outperforms comparison sorting algorithms by using the
integer encoding of keys.

But, theoretical parallel IS algorithms
with good bounds are quite complicated, and
researchers are unaware of any implementations of them.

Integer sorting algorithms always doesn't outperform comparison sorting algorithms because of its lack in 
dealing with duplicate keys efficiently.

For instance, samplesort has ability to skip a recursive subproblem if the pivots are equal; 
and, quicksort can separate
keys with equal pivot and remove redundant steps.

The research paper by proposed the solution to these challenges by proving that a set of parallel Integer Sorting
algorithms, including DovetailSort introduced in this paper, have ğ‘‚(ğ‘›âˆšï¸log ğ‘Ÿ) work for data
size ğ‘› and key range from 0 to ğ‘Ÿâˆ’1. 
Moreover, it discussed theoretical results explaining the best set of parameters
for many practical parallel Integer Sorting algorithms implementations.

* Gallatin: A General-Purpose GPU Memory Manager *
----------------------------------------------
For efficiently transfering modern data processing pipelines to GPUs,
Dynamic memory management plays very critical role.
Parallism at such a great level with weak memory coherence makes it difficult to build a
general purpose memory manager on GPUs.

Existing SOTA memory managers i.e. Ouroboros and Reg-Eff uses traditional linear data structures - arrays and
linked lists to deal with memory objects. Specialized pipelines are build by them with fixed allocation sizes
and depends on CUDA allocator when they have to manage larger ones.

The paper proposes Gallatin, a van Emde Boas (vEB) tree data structure based dynamic memory manager to efficiently manage
and suppport allocations of any size. This highly-concurrent GPU implemen-
tation of the vEB tree supports constant time insertions, deletions,
and successor operations for a given memory size.


